five six hey guys it's tudo I'm back
this Wednesday it's Wednesday right it's
Wednesday with another book so um I'm
ditto if you missed last week's episode
um I'm dead out it's kind of the main
thing I went over and this week I wanted
to do something a little bit different
um last week we talked about like some
different ideas and stuff for like blogs
and things like that but I kind of like
I've been thinking over the weekend and
stuff and instead of doing 50 facts
about me I'm going to do 50 hats about
me I don't know if I have exactly 50
hats but these are all of my snap backs
and just snap back so I even have like a
bucket of beanies over there it's a
little ridiculous but I mean I'm always
wearing a hat and usually backwards
people think I wear hats just because
like oh yeah when we're at like know if
I dance without hats like I haven't some
of my videos 99% of it looks like and
I'm just like dancing in it it's like I
have to do something to get it out of my
face so it becomes a dance move and I
feel like that's a little bit of a
distraction but today I'm going to talk
a little bit about all these hats and
like my collection and what they all
mean to me
I just realized they're kind of color
come to relax and then all the ones with
pretty colors on the top and then my
camels over here
okay well screw it so let's just start
from here okay what is this one oh okay
so check out the sack right so it's camo
right and I have this other camel hat to
actually have a few cameras this one is
actually a battlefest hat because um a
homeboy of mine back in Atlanta gave
this to me after the key computer battle
fest and he was like oh I'm not gonna
wear it on really wear hats like that
and I was like thank you but this one I
got from wahh Dallas it was from this
brand called loyal KNG and they're like
super dope and it gave me this hat and
this hat so this is oh my gosh okay so
me you guys don't know how old this hat
dates back to like it's just it's
honestly really like raggedy um so it
says dope on it not that kind of dope
dope the adjective not about that and
don't know that means at all so this hat
I've had for probably the my entire
dance career cuz when I was first like
learning about dancing and stuff I was
such a tomboy I wore the baggy
sweatpants with the biggest t-shirt and
like a hat and this Howard goes all
right when the pimps in the crib mom
drop it like it's hot drop it like it's
hot drop it like it's on the pigs try to
get it you it like it's hot
Park it like it's hot Park it like it's
hot up a nigga get a tattoo pop it like
it's hot pop it like a child
pop it don't judge me but that's that
one is this one oh this one I got for me
amazing lights whoo I sent a video on
their channel um of me like tutting and
glowing and it was amazing
I can't you not when I tell you that
like every five minutes I made a joke
referring to how amazing it was and when
there was a bad mix they actually gave
me a few other hats from some of their
other friends were amazing ha
my phone's like about to die you guys
this hat my mom actually got me from New
York and she got me this one too so yeah
if you guys aren't familiar with my
mom's mom and dude oh and she's boss so
yeah she like picks out hats for me she
actually picked out this one too she was
like oh this looks like something she
would like
this is so like and it's all this
leather like pattern so sick so you guys
don't like to allow the world of dance
so who wants to see my world of dance
collection Oh Gracie right now ah okay
oh I didn't talk about this hat okay so
this hat you know what honestly I feel
like this is probably 50 hats but I feel
like I'm not going to count so sorry
this is Miami original right so it's
like a regional brand all that stuff and
um I don't know what I wear at a lot of
people ask me if it's like perry the
platypus
I find it a little offensive I don't
know how I feel about it honestly but
this is really dope and it's some of my
favorite colors together it's like the
Miami Dolphin colors but I was actually
born in Miami I know you guys wouldn't
believe it I looked a lot different when
I lived in Miami the Sun was always out
it was always really really um hot and
it was always really sunny and humid and
when I was younger when I was younger I
had long blonde straight hair and it
went to about like my mid thigh let's
thank you pretty really quick but um
else do we have here um speaking of
hometowns my Atlanta hat this hat
actually says Philadelphia because I'm
from there too
she kind of comes ugly I have nothing to
do in Philadelphia so the fact that I
have this hat might be a little wrong
but is really cute so hey oh this has
been like my favorite hat forever and I
wore it once Adam kind of complicated
this hat I actually love to death you
guys probably see me wear this hat a lot
on like my Instagram and stuff
I don't know if you can see it I don't
know how well as cameras focusing but um
it says emotionally unavailable and has
a guy like this story behind it is
actually really doing but this I kind of
just represents like emotionally on
as in like you don't have to take in
what everyone else is telling you and
you can be yourself and you can not
listen to what other people have to say
you know like do what makes you happy
kind of thing so that's I wear this hat
a lot and I wear it very proudly means a
lot to me but yeah I mean I don't know
if that was 50 or another I might not
even been joining I also have this box
of beanies pick the box yeah and then it
has my two bucket hats on the top and
just totally fall off this is one of
them's my supreme bucket head I got it
for Christmas from a really good friend
of mine and so they don't let us if he
hats about me comment below which how
was your favorite anyways that's all
that I have for you guys this week but I
will see you next week I have a few
exciting things coming up next week so
we'll be talking about them and hanging
out and yeah thank you guys so much for
watching again I'm ditto with the Y dy
TT oh yeah actually have a hat that says
it somewhere I'll see you guys next
Wednesday yeah okay there's hats
everywhere okay No
so I don't know where the other one went
you